Enhanced Readme to increase clarity and readability (#6569)
radius-project/radius: README.md

# Radius: Empowering Cloud-Native Applications

> **Radius** is a sophisticated cloud-native application platform that facilitates collaboration between developers and platform engineers to deliver and manage cloud-native applications in alignment with organizational best practices for cost, operations, and security. It's an open-source project designed to deploy applications across private cloud, Microsoft Azure, and Amazon Web Services, with support for more cloud providers on the horizon.

Reviewer: We like to keep the original language in this paragraph.

> **Radius** was meticulously designed to address these distinct yet interconnected challenges that arise throughout the cloud journey. It supports application teams by leveraging proven technologies like Kubernetes, integrating with existing infrastructure tools like Terraform and Bicep, and seamlessly working with CI/CD systems like GitHub Actions. Radius accommodates a wide range of applications, from multi-tier web-plus-data to complex microservice architectures, including popular cloud reference applications like Microsoft's eShop.

Reviewer: We'd like to keep the original language in this paragraph.

> **Key Features of the Radius Platform**

Reviewer: Please include this change in an updated PR

- *Team Collaboration*: Radius Applications and Environments enable developers to work with Operations on application definition and delivery.
- *Infrastructure Recipes*: Radius offers swappable infrastructure templates that inherently comply with organizational best practices and IT policies.
- *Application Graph*: Gain insights into the interconnections between services and infrastructure elements within an application.
- *Cloud Neutrality*: Deploy applications consistently across development, on-premises, and cloud environments.
- *Incremental Adoption*: Seamlessly integrate Radius into existing workflows and Infrastructure-as-Code templates.

## Release Status

> This is an early release of Radius, allowing the community to explore and experiment with the platform. We value your feedback, so please share your thoughts, report any bugs, or request new features. However, please be aware that Radius is not yet recommended for production workloads.

Reviewer: We'd like to keep the original language in this paragraph.

## Getting Started

> 1. Follow the [Getting Started guide](https://docs.radapp.io/getting-started/) to install and explore Radius.

Reviewer: Please include the capitalization fixes for "Getting Started guide" in a new PR

2. Explore the [Tutorials](https://docs.radapp.io/tutorials) and [User Guides](https://docs.radapp.io/guides) to dive deeper into Radius and begin optimizing your applications.

## Getting Help

- ❓ **Have a Question?** - Visit our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SRG3ePMKNy) to post your query, and we'll respond promptly.
- ⚠️ **Found an Issue?** - Refer to our [Issue Reporting guide](docs/contributing/contributing-issues) for instructions on filing a bug report.
- 💡 **Have a Proposal?** - Find out how to file a feature request in our [guide](docs/contributing/contributing-issues).

## Community

> We warmly welcome your contributions and suggestions! Engage in issue discussions, join the conversation on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SRG3ePMKNy), or participate in our monthly [community calls](#community-calls). For more information on community engagement, developer guidelines, and contributing, visit the [Radius community repository](https://github.com/radius-project/community).

Reviewer: We'd like to keep the original language in this paragraph.

### Contact Us

> Please reach out to us via our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SRG3ePMKNy), and we'll respond as soon as possible.

Reviewer: Please include this edit in a new PR

### Community Calls

> Every month, we host community calls to showcase new features, discuss upcoming milestones, and engage in Q&A sessions. Everyone is welcome! Visit our [community meetings page](https://github.com/radius-project/community/#community-meetings) for upcoming dates and meeting links.

Reviewer: We'd like to keep the original language here.

## Contributing to Radius

> For detailed information on how to contribute to Radius, please visit the [Contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md). If you'd like to author Radius Recipes, see the [Author Custom Radius Recipes guide](https://docs.radapp.io/guides/recipes/howto-author-recipes/).

Reviewer: We'd like to keep the original language in this paragraph.

## Repositories

> [Radius](https://github.com/radius-project/radius) is the primary repository for Radius, containing all code and documentation. In addition, we maintain the following repositories:

Reviewer: Please include this change in a new PR

| Repo | Description |
|:-----|:------------|
| [Docs](https://github.com/radius-project/docs) | This repository contains the Radius documentation source for Radius.
| [Samples](https://github.com/radius-project/samples) | This repository contains the source code for quickstarts, reference apps, and tutorials for Radius.
| [Recipes](https://github.com/radius-project/recipes) | This repository contains commonly used Recipe templates for Radius Environments.
| [Website](https://github.com/radius-project/website) | This repository contains the source code for the Radius website.

> | [Bicep](https://github.com/radius-project/bicep) | This repository contains the source code for Bicep, a DSL for deploying cloud resource types. 

Reviewer: Please include these changes in a new PR

| [AWS Bicep Types](https://github.com/radius-project/bicep-types-aws) | This repository contains the tooling for Bicep support for AWS resource types.

## Security

Please refer to our guide on [Reporting security vulnerabilities](SECURITY.md).

> ## Code of Conduct

Reviewer: Please include this capitalization change in a new PR

> # Radius: Empowering Cloud-Native Applications

Reviewer: We prefer to keep the simpler original text for this.

> **Radius** is a cloud-native application platform that enables developers and the platform engineers that support them to collaborate on delivering and managing cloud-native applications that follow organizational best practices for cost, operations and security, by default. Radius is an open-source project that supports deploying applications across private cloud, Microsoft Azure, and Amazon Web Services, with more cloud providers to come.

Reviewer: We prefer to leave this un-bolded as that is more consistent with the rest of the readme.

> **Radius** was designed to address these distinct but related challenges that arise across development and operations as companies continue their journey to cloud.  Radius meets application teams where they are by supporting proven technologies like Kubernetes, existing infrastructure tools including Terraform and Bicep and by integrating with existing CI/CD systems like GitHub Actions. Radius supports multi-tier web-plus-data to complex microservice applications like eShop, a popular cloud reference application from Microsoft.

Reviewer: Let's leave this un-bolded for consistency.

Radius was designed to address these distinct but related challenges that arise across development and operations as companies continue their journey to cloud.  Radius meets application teams where they are by supporting proven technologies like Kubernetes, existing infrastructure tools including Terraform and Bicep and by integrating with existing CI/CD systems like GitHub Actions. Radius supports multi-tier web-plus-data to complex microservice applications like eShop, a popular cloud reference application from Microsoft.

**Key Features of the Radius Platform**

- *Team Collaboration*: Radius Applications and Environments enable developers to work with Operations on application definition and delivery.

> - *Infrastructure Recipes*: Radius offers swappable infrastructure templates that inherently comply with organizational best practices and IT policies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *Infrastructure Recipes*: Swappable infrastructure that complies with organization best practices and IT policy be default.
```

- *Application Graph*: Gain insights into the interconnections between services and infrastructure elements within an application.

> - *Cloud Neutrality*: Deploy applications consistently across development, on-premises, and cloud environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *Cloud Neutrality*: Deploy across development, on-premises and cloud environments with a consistent experience.
```

> - *Incremental Adoption*: Seamlessly integrate Radius into existing workflows and Infrastructure-as-Code templates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *Incremental Adoption*: Integrate Radius into existing workflows and existing catalogs of Infrastructure-as-Code templates.
```
